Single data entry query API call (#2675)
massalabs/massa: docs/technical-doc/api.rst

        },
    ];

`get_datastore_entry`
--------------------

Get a data entry both at the latest final and active executed slots.

> If an existing final entry is:

Reviewer: For me it's unclear that you speak of the field `active_value` of the result type. I understand that you speak of the whole return type. Maybe use the field name : `final_value` could be more informative

```suggestion
If an existing final entry (`final_value`) is:
```

* found in the active history, it will return its final value

> * deleted in the active history, it will return nothing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* deleted in the active history, it will return null in `active_value` field
```
